Document ASP0025 code analyzer (#29252)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/diagnostics/asp0025.md

---
title: "ASP0025: Use AddAuthorizationBuilder to register authorization services and construct policies."
ms.date: 05/11/2023
description: "Learn about analysis rule ASP0025: Use AddAuthorizationBuilder to register authorization services and construct policies."
author: tdykstra
monikerRange: '>= aspnetcore-8.0'
ms.author: tdykstra
uid: diagnostics/asp0025
---
# ASP0025: Use AddAuthorizationBuilder to register authorization services and construct policies.

| | Value |
|-|-|
| **Rule ID** |ASP0025|
| **Category** |Usage|
| **Fix is breaking or non-breaking** |Non-breaking|

## Cause

> The app's usage of the older <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.PolicyServiceCollectionExtensions.AddAuthorization%2A> can be converted to the new <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.PolicyServiceCollectionExtensions.AddAuthorizationBuilder%2A>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.PolicyServiceCollectionExtensions.AddAuthorization%2A> can be converted to the new <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.PolicyServiceCollectionExtensions.AddAuthorizationBuilder%2A>.
```
